---
title:  "MAGFest 2023"
header:
  teaser: "/assets/images/magfest-2023/magfest-51.webp"
categories: 
  - Events
---


Skip to content
Zoe's Journal
Zoe's Journal

I talk about food and magic, sometimes both
MAGFest 2023
January 12, 2023

Hi everyone! Here’s a quick run-through of how my experience at MAGFest went.
The Hotel

Parking at Gaylord supposedly runs you about ~35 dollars a day, but MAGFest attendees can find a table near the registration area to prepay 18 dollars daily. I ended up paying for just two days and the gate person let us through without checking.

1 / 6

The hotel itself is fine – you’ll have all the essentials. Note that you’ll be waiting ~10 minutes for an elevator sometimes because they’ll be jam packed (shame on you if you get on an elevator from the 2nd floor to the 1st!).
Marketplace

The marketplace is about half the size of Awesome Con’s, as much of the space around it is used for the gaming area. Still lots to go through!

Super excited to see cosplays from The Expanse, Star Trek, and Edgerunners! We also scored a neat terrarium featuring characters from Cardcaptor Sakura.
Gaming

Speaking of the gaming area, they have all the arcade games from your childhood set up next to the marketplace…

1 / 6

As well as separate areas for board games, card games, tabletops, and more!

My favorite was definitely Starship Horizons, which is basically Star Trek!

Music

Not much to say here. There’s music. It’s loud. If you like metal, chiptune, or rave, have at it.

1 / 7
Shenanigans

There’s always something weird going on. Blackjack where you bet your leftover snacks? Check.

Shrines to nostalgic movie stars? Check.

Food

You’re better off bringing your own food unless you want to pay 7 bucks for a drink!

There’s a tiny refrigerator provided in each hotel room, and we found the forbidden microwave lying in solitude next to the cafe.
Cosplays

Oh-yo, there’s too much here. Have a sample gallery and message me directly if you want access to rest!
